Signal Generation Restructure and addition of high level methods (#183)
tektronix/tm_devices: docs/advanced/signal_generators.md

Reviewer: File-wide things to clean up

- [ ] Go through and link most terms to the glossary
- [ ] Add `()` when referring to functions/methods
- [ ] check all usages of "effect" to see if it needs to be changed to "affect"
- [ ] check all usages of the word "channel" to see if any need to be updated to "source channel" or simply "source"
- [ ] check all usages of "signal sources" to see if any need to be updated to "signal generators"
- [ ] Standardize sample rate units (sometimes I see MHz and sometimes I see MS/s)
- [ ] Add definition (to glossary maybe) of what MS/s (or GS or S) is
- [ ] standardize on how to display values and units (I see 60MHz and 80 MHz), the spacing between values and units needs to be the same throughout the documentation
- [ ] Check all usages of object names and other enum-like things to see if any need to be enclosed in backticks

# Signal Generation

> An overview of the signal generation in this package, along with information about Tektronix signal generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overview of the signal generation functionality available in this package, along with information about Tektronix signal generators.
```

Arbitrary Function Generators (AFGs) utilize a phase increment process and a data lookup table to provide variable frequencies.
The phase increment calculated is dependent on the waveform length and frequency requested. This has
a side effect where the phase increment can be larger than one index in the lookup table. Functions bypass this
issue by being simplistic enough that waveform length reduction doesn't have a detrimental effect on the end output.

Arbitrary Waveform Generators (AWGs) enforce one cycle per sample, allowing the output to be the same shape regardless of clock rate.
With low frequency functions, AWGs are functionally identical to AFGs, besides offering more constrained amplitudes and offsets.

______________________________________________________________________

### Class Structure

```{mermaid}
classDiagram
    direction LR

    SignalGeneratorMixin <|-- Tekscope
    SignalGeneratorMixin <|-- AFG
    SignalGeneratorMixin <|-- AWG

```

The `SignalGenerator` class is responsible for most waveform generators, including the `AWG` and `AFG`.
Similarly, `TekScope` is responsible for the AFG's internal to the scopes themselves, commonly referred to as

> an IAFG. All of these classes inherit `SignalGeneratorMixin`, which includes a list of methods which share

Reviewer: Link `IAFG` to the glossary.

Author: Is linking to the glossary done anywhere else?

Reviewer: The readme does it, and I think a few other places do as well. MyST-Parser has good docs on how to link to a glossary.

functionality throughout all signal sources.

```{note}

> SignalGeneratorMixin only contains abstract methods, defining the class by itself and calling methods in it will only raise NotImplemented errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SignalGeneratorMixin` only contains abstract methods; defining the class by itself and calling methods in it will only raise `NotImplementedError` errors.
```

I think the semi-colon works here.

```

```{mermaid}
classDiagram
    direction LR

    Tekscope <|-- InternalAFGChannel
    AFG <|-- AFGSourceChannel

    AWG <|-- AWGSourceChannel
    AWGSourceChannel <|-- AWG5KSourceChannel
    AWG5KSourceChannel <|-- AWG7KSourceChannel
    AWGSourceChannel <|-- AWG5200SourceChannel
    AWGSourceChannel <|-- AWG70KSourceChannel
```

> Each Source class (`AFG`, `AWG`) and `Tekscope` (If the AFG license is installed) will contain a dictionary of source channel classes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Source class (`AFG`, `AWG`) and `Tekscope` (if the AFG license is installed) will contain a dictionary of source channel classes,
```

> which are defined on first access. Each of these source channel classes represents an output on the source, or the IAFG in the case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which are defined on first access. Each of these source channel classes represents an output on the source (or the IAFG in the case
```

> of an oscilloscope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of an oscilloscope).
```

> These channels contain methods and properties which pertain to PI commands which only apply changes to one output channel.

Reviewer: Link PI to the glossary

> For example: the afg.source_channel\["SOURCE1"\].set_amplitude() call will change the amplitude only for source output 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: the `afg.source_channel\["SOURCE1"\].set_amplitude()` call will change the amplitude only for source output 1.
```

```{tip}

> These channel classes not only provide easy access to basic scipy commands, but also helper functions, like `set_function_properties`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These channel classes not only provide easy access to basic SCPI commands, but also helper functions, like `set_function_properties()`
```

And make sure to link SCPI to a new glossary entry.

```

______________________________________________________________________

> ### Class Methods

Reviewer: Are these actually class methods or are they just `SignalGeneratorMixin` Methods?

```{warning}

> Each method exclude most attempts at validation, as the end user can change aspects outside its purview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each method performs little to no validation, as the end user can change aspects outside its purview.
```

> There are several distinct instances where this can cause unwanted behavior, depending on the source and what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several distinct instances where this can cause unwanted behavior, depending on the signal generator and what
```

There may be other instances of source that need to be changed to signal generator.

> state it was in before it is used. Attempting validation when changes can occur outside it's scope leads to many redundant checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state it was in previously. Attempting validation when changes can occur outside its scope leads to many redundant checks.
```

As such, it is up to the user to implement these checks.
```

Each class has children which inherit the base abstracted methods. These methods are tailored to each signal generator so the

> methods handle similarly, regardless of the different PI commands required.

Reviewer: Again, link PI to the glossary.

- `source_device_constants` is a property which holds information about what functions
  and memory sizes are allowed.

```{tip}

> `source_device_constants.functions` will provide an enum of possible functions to generate on the signal generator used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`source_device_constants.functions` will provide an enum of possible functions to generate on the current signal generator.
```

```

> `generate_function` is a method which allows for the user to request a function from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`generate_function()` is a method which allows for the user to request a function from
```

As a general rule, add the `()` to indicate functions/methods.

> any source channel provided an amplitude, frequency and offset is supplied. Other key features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any source channel, provided an amplitude, frequency and offset is supplied. Other key features
```

include the ability to manipulate specific aspects of certain functions. Ramp waveforms can have their symmetry changed
and duty cycle can be altered for pulse functions. The termination of the IAFG and any AFG can be
specified using `HIGHZ` or `FIFTY` string literals. If the output needs to be inverted,
the polarity can be changed on AFGs.

```{warning}
`generate_function` allows function parameters which can exceed actual generation bounds.
`get_waveform_constraints` should be used in tandem with `generate_function`, or utilizing the constraints provided in

> [Signal Generators](#signal-generators).

Reviewer: Should this link to the constraints section?

Reviewer: Maybe indicate the constraints are below as well.

Author: Unsure what this means

```

The `setup_burst` method places the source into a state for waveforms to be generated a set number

> of times. All parameters passed into the method are functionally identical to generate_function, besides burst_count,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of times. All parameters passed into the method are functionally identical to `generate_function()` except for `burst_count`.
```

> which specifies how many cycles of the waveform are to be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`burst_count` specifies how many cycles of the waveform are to be generated.
```

```{warning}

> `setup_burst` will set parameters which can effect the signal generators behavior. Changing these parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setup_burst` will set parameters which can affect the signal generators behavior. Changing these parameters manually
```

will likely cause burst to stop functioning.
```

`generate_burst`  writes a trigger to the source, initiating the generation of a burst of waveforms.

> `get_waveform_constraints` will return a series of constraints that the signal generators must be within to be generated.

Reviewer: Update the wording in this sentence, not sure if "signal generators" is correct here.

These constraints can be used before generating a function to make sure that the parameters you will be supplying

> are not outside the bounds. The method only requires the function (except on AWGs) to be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not outside the bounds. The method only requires the desired waveform function (except on AWGs) to be provided.
```

However, different aspects may need to be provided to get a more accurate representation of what can actually be generated.
If no other inputs are provided, the smallest range of the attribute is chosen.

> AWGs signal path effects the range of the offset and amplitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An AWG's signal path affects the range of the offset and amplitude.
```

Higher frequencies on AFGs will lower the upper bound of the amplitude,
alongside the which impedance is set.

> `set_waveform_properties` is functionally identical to generate_function, but does not turn the channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`set_waveform_properties` is functionally identical to `generate_function()`, but does not turn the source
```

Author: replaced with source channel

off or on, nor will it stop or start an AWG.

## Signal Generators

> An overview of the different signal generators which are covered when using `tm_devices`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overview of the different signal generators which are available in `tm_devices`.
```

Reviewer: This summary should also indicate that the constraints are provided for each model.

______________________________________________________________________

## TekScope Internal Arbitrary Function Generators

```{autoclasstree} tm_devices.drivers.pi.scopes.tekscope
---
full:
namespace: tm_devices.drivers.pi.scopes.tekscope
align: center

> alt: Complete device driver class diagram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: TekScope IAFG class diagram
```

---
```

Requesting function generation on an IAFG will initially turn it off. The frequency, offset,
function, impedance and amplitude are set in the stated order.
If the function is a `SQUARE` wave, the duty cycle is used

> to set how long the pulses are. Symmetry decides what direction the skews towards if the `RAMP` function

Reviewer: The wording needs to be fixed around the "skews" section of this sentence.

is provided. After all parameters are set, the channel is then turned back on.

Setting up bursts of the IAFG involves setting it to burst mode and loading in a specified number of bursts.

> AFGs have access to the following functions:

Reviewer: Should this say "IAFGs"?

`SIN`, `SQUARE`, `RAMP`, `PULSE`, `PRNOISE`, `DC`, `SINC`, `GAUSSIAN`, `LORENTZ`, `ERISE`, `EDECAY`, `HAVERSINE`, `CARDIAC`, `ARBITRARY`

```{note}
IAFGs are only accessible if the oscilloscope has the AFG license installed.
```

```{note}
IAFGs contain no waveform list, editable memory or user defined waveforms. This means arbitrary waveforms
must be loaded from the hard drive.
```

```{note}
Some functions, like `SINC`, `GAUSSIAN`, `LORENTZ`, `ERISE`, `EDECAY` and `HAVERSINE` already have an inbuilt offset.
```

```{note}
If the output termination matching is set to FIFTY ohms instead of HIGHZ, then the offset and amplitude bounds will be halved.
```

```{caution}

> Although `Arbitrary` is a valid function, it will not generate properly when using `generate_function`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although `ARBITRARY` is a valid function, it will not generate properly when using `generate_function()`.
```

```

### MSO2, MSO4, MSO4B, MSO5, MSO5LP, MSO6, MSO6B, LPD6

#### Constraints:

> The amplitude and frequency range for the Internal AFG varies on the function set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amplitude and frequency range for the Internal AFG varies based on the desired function.
```

> All functions have the same lower bound, 20 mV and 100 mHz. Similarly, all offset ranges stay consistent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All functions have the same lower bound, 20 mV and 100 mHz. Similarly, all offset ranges stay consistent at
```

> plus or minus 2.5 volts along with all sample rates being 250 MHz.

Reviewer: Look into using an actual +- symbol

width: 50%
align: center
---
|                | Sin      | Square<br/>Pulse<br/>Arbitrary | Ramp<br/>Triangle<br/>Cardiac | Sinc     | Gaussian<br/>Haversine | Lorentz  |
| -------------- | -------- | ------------------------------ | ----------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------- | -------- |
| Frequency (Hz) | 0.1–50M  | 0.1–25M                        | 0.1–0.5M                      | 0.1–2M   | 0.1–5M                 | 0.1–5M   |
| Amplitude (V)  | 20m–5    | 20m–5                          | 20m–5                         | 20m–3    | 20m–5                  | 20m–2.4  |
| Offset (V)     | -2.5–2.5 | -2.5–2.5                       | -2.5–2.5                      | -2.5–2.5 | -2.5–2.5               | -2.5–2.5 |
```

### MSO5B

#### Constraints:

The constraints for the MSO5B are identical to [other tekscope models](#mso2-mso4-mso4b-mso5-mso5lp-mso6-mso6b-lpd6), except the upper frequency bound is doubled.

______________________________________________________________________

## Arbitrary Function Generators

```{autoclasstree} tm_devices.drivers.pi.signal_generators.afgs
---
full:
namespace: tm_devices.drivers.pi.signal_generators.afgs
align: center

> alt: Complete device driver class diagram

Reviewer: Update alt

---
```

> AFGs handles function generation identically to [IAFGs](#tekscope-internal-arbitrary-function-generators),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AFGs handle function generation identically to [IAFGs](#tekscope-internal-arbitrary-function-generators),
```

> besides the order in which the parameters are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
except for the order in which the parameters are set.
```

Setting up bursts of the AFG involves setting the AFG trigger to external, so the burst doesn't activate
on the internal trigger. Following this, the burst state is set to `ON` and mode set to `TRIGGERED`.

AFGs have access to the following functions:
`SIN`, `SQUARE`, `RAMP`, `PULSE`, `DC`, `SINC`, `GAUSSIAN`, `LORENTZ`, `ERISE`, `EDECAY`, `HAVERSINE`, `CARDIAC`, `NOISE`, `ARBITRARY`

```{note}
If the output termination matching is set to 50 ohms instead of INFINITY, then the offset and amplitude bounds will be halved.
```

```{caution}

> Although `Arbitrary` is a valid function, it will not generate properly when using `generate_function`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although `ARBITRARY` is a valid function, it will not generate properly when using `generate_function()`.
```

Author: This suggestion was already made

```

### AFG3K, AFG3KB, AFG3KC

> The AFG3K series are function generating devices that also offer the capacity to generate arbitrary waveforms. They accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AFG3K series instruments are function generating devices that also offer the capacity to generate arbitrary waveforms. They accept
```

communication through LAN, TCPIP and GPIB interfaces.

#### Constraints:

The amplitude, offset and frequency range for AFG3Ks is extremely varied dependent on model number, frequency and function.

> However, The sample rate of the entire AFG3K series is 250MS/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the sample rate of the entire AFG3K series is 250MS/s.
```

| Amplitude (V)  | 40m–20[^TB] | 40m–20      | 40m–20      | 40m–20                                                                    | 40m–20        |
| Offset (V)     | -10–10      | -10–10      | -10–10      | -10–10                                                                    | -10–10        |
| **325x/C:**    |             |             |             |                                                                           |               |
| Frequency (Hz) | 1µ–0.24G    | 1µ–0.12G    | 1m–0.12G    | 1µ–2.4M                                                                   | 1m–0.12G<br/> |
| Amplitude (V)  | 0.1–10[^TC] | 0.1–10      | 0.1–10      | 0.1–10                                                                    | 0.1–10        |
| Offset (V)     | -5–5        | -5–5        | -5–5        | -5–5                                                                      | -5–5          |

[^TA]: AFG302xB has its upper bound for frequency halved for these functions.

[^TB]: Amplitude upper bound is reduced to 16 when frequency is greater than 100MHz.

[^TC]: Amplitude upper bound is reduced to 8 when frequency is greater than 200MHz.

```

### AFG31K

> The AFG31K series are function generating devices that also offer the capacity to generate arbitrary waveforms. They accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AFG31K series instruments are function generating devices that also offer the capacity to generate arbitrary waveforms. They accept
```

| Offset (V)        | -5–5        | -5–5             | -5–5     | -5–5                                                                      | -5–5      |
| Sample Rate (S/s) |             |                  |          |                                                                           | 2G[^TOA]  |

[^TOA]: When waveform length is greater than 16Kb, otherwise, the sample rate is 250MS/s.

[^TOB]: Amplitude upper bound is reduced to 16 when the frequency is greater than 60MHz. It is further reduced to 12 when the frequency is greater than 80 MHz

[^TOC]: Amplitude upper bound is reduced to 8 when the frequency is greater than 200MHz.

```

______________________________________________________________________

## Arbitrary Waveform Generators

```{autoclasstree} tm_devices.drivers.pi.signal_generators.awgs
---
full:
namespace: tm_devices.drivers.pi.signal_generators.awgs
align: center
alt: Complete device driver class diagram
---
```

Arbitrary Waveform Generators require several different parameters to be specified for a waveform to be generated.

> Function generation on AWGs are fundamentally different from AFGs. The AWG is stopped and the channel being changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function generation on AWGs is fundamentally different from AFGs. The AWG is stopped and the source channel being used
```

is turned off. Predefined waveforms provided with the AWG
are then loaded from the hard drive into the waveform list for the AWG5200 and AWG70K. Sample rate is not channel dependant,

> instead being set through the source class. The channel provided has its waveform, offset, amplitude and signal path set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead, it is set through the source class. The source channel provided has its waveform, offset, amplitude and signal path set.
```

These attributes can take a while to be set, though once complete, the channels are turned back on and the `AWGCONTROL:RUN`

> is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command is sent to cause the signal to be usable at the output.
```

```{note}
If the waveform is `RAMP`, a symmetry of 50 will set the waveform to a `TRIANGLE`.
```

> The AWG class has some methods specific to it. `generate_waveform` allows for a waveform name from the waveform list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AWG` class has some unique methods. `generate_waveform()` allows for a waveform name from the waveform list
```

to be provided, instead of a function. The method is also distinctly different from generate function as it relies on a sample
rate also being provided to actually generate the waveform.

AWGs have access to the following functions:
`SIN`, `SQUARE`, `RAMP`, `TRIANGLE`, `DC`, `CLOCK`

### AWG5K/AWG7K

> The AWG5K/7K series are signal sources focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows XP (Windows 7 for model C).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG5K/7K series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows XP (Windows 7 for model C).
```

They accept communication through LAN and GPIB interfaces.

`set_output_signal_path` is uniquely defined within the AWG5K and AWG7K classes, as it will set the value for
`AWGCONTROL:DOUTPUTx:STATE`, which is a unique option not seen in the other AWGs.

`set_offset` is conditioned to make sure that the AWG output signal path is not DIR, as the VISA query will time
out otherwise.

```{note}
Operation complete commands will always return 1 on the AWG5K/7K series.
```

```{caution}

> All waveforms must be of the same length on requesting AWGCONTROL:RUN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All waveforms must be the same length before sending the `AWGCONTROL:RUN` command.
```

```

#### AWG5K, AWG5KB, AWG5KC

#### Constraints:

The AWG5K series offers a upper sample rate range from 600 MS/s to 1.2 GS/s dependent on the model number. The amplitude range is dependent on

> the signal output path, and if the direct option is selected, it will reduce the amplitude range to 20mV to 0.6 V and the

Reviewer: Any reason these aren't footnotes?

Author: These could be both be footnotes, but the decision is based on the fact that it shows why the table columns are split in the way they are. The current footnotes provide information about a specific cell and the conditions that surround it.
I've now added info like this to the 7k, 5200 and 70k.

> offset to 0. Otherwise, the amplitude ranges from 20 mV to 2.25 V and an offset range of plus or minus 2.25 V.

Reviewer: Isn't the last sentence just duplicating what is in the table?

Author: It can be removed.

```{table} AWG5K Constraints
---
widths: auto
width: 50%
align: center
---
|                   | 500x/B/C   | 501x/B/C    | 5xxx/B/C DIR |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ------------ |

> | Sample Rate (S/s) | 10M–600M   | 10M–1.2M    | "            |

Reviewer: What does the quote mean?

Author: It was supposed to represent a sort of a wildcard character, but it really is a ditto character.

Replaced with asterisk to denote a wildcard value, deduced from the information provided above the table.

| Amplitude (V)     | 20m–2.25   | 20m–2.25    | 20m-0.6      |
| Offset (V)        | -2.25–2.25 | -2.25–2.25  | N/A          |

```

```{note}
AWG5K's have digitized outputs on the rear of the device.
```

#### AWG7K, AWG7KB, AWG7KC

#### Constraints:

The AWG7K series functions identically to the [AWG5K](#awg5k-awg5kb-awg5kc) series, excluding the higher sample rate and lower amplitude and offset range.

```{table} AWG7K Constraints
---
widths: auto
width: 50%
align: center
---
|                   | 705x     | 710x     | 706xB    | 712xB/C  | 708xC    |
| ----------------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| Sample Rate (S/s) | 10M–5G   | 10M–10G  | 10M–6G   | 10M–12G  | 10M–8G   |
| Amplitude (V)     | 50m–2    | 50m–2    | 50m–2    | 50m–2    | 50m–2    |
| Offset (V)        | -0.5–0.5 | -0.5–0.5 | -0.5–0.5 | -0.5–0.5 | -0.5–0.5 |

```

The AWG7K also includes varying options which directly effect these ranges, such as option 02 and 06. These options will enforce the

> output signal path to always be direct.

Reviewer: Maybe add the Enum here and just update the glossary.

```suggestion
output signal path to always be `DIR`.
```

Author: Although DIR is the convention used here and functions similarily between the AWG5k7k and AWG70k, the commands used maay be different. I have changes the paragraph to explain this nuance instead.

```{table} AWG7K Option Constraints
---
widths: auto
width: 50%
align: center
---
|                   | 7102 OPT 06  | 7122B/C OPT 06 | 7xxx/B/C OPT 02 | 7xxx/B/C DIR  |
| ----------------- | ------------ | -------------- | --------------- | ------------- |
| Sample Rate (S/s) | 10M–20G[^SA] | 10M–24G[^SA]   | "               | "             |
| Amplitude (V)     | 0.5–1.0      | 0.5–1.0        | 0.5–1.0         | 50m-1.0       |
| Offset (V)        | N/A          | N/A            | N/A             | N/A           |

[^SA]: Samples rates higher than 10GS/S(12GS/s for B/C) can only be done through Interleave.

```

### AWG5200

> The AWG5200 series are signal sources focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG5200 series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows 10.
```

They accept communication through USB, LAN and GPIB interfaces.

`set_output_signal_path` is uniquely defined within the AWG5200 as it has special output signal paths.

`load_waveform` inherently has an operation complete check as attempting to run overlapping commands while loading a waveform can lead to
unintended behavior.

#### Constraints:

> The AWG5200 does not have a sample rate range dependent on model number, but instead of what option is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG5200 does not have a sample rate range dependent on model number, instead it depends on which option is installed.
```

> Option 25 on the devices means that the maximum rate is 2.5 GS/s, whereas option 50 has a maximum rate of 5.0 GS/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 25 on the devices provides a maximum rate of 2.5 GS/s, whereas option 50 provides a maximum rate of 5.0 GS/s.
```

```{table} AWG5200 Constraints
---
widths: auto
width: 50%
align: center
---
|                   | OPT 25      | OPT 50      | OPT DC         | 52xx DCHV |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ----------- | -------------- | --------- |
| Sample Rate (S/s) | 0.298k–2.5G | 0.298k–5.0G | "              | "         |
| Amplitude (V)     | 25m–0.75    | 25m–0.75    | 25m–1.5        | 10m-5.0   |
| Offset (V)        | -2–2        | -2–2        | -2–2           | -2-2      |

```

#### Sequential, Blocking and Overlapping Commands:

> The AWG5200's programming commands are seperated into three seperated categories: Sequential, Blocking, Overlapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG5200's programming commands are seperated into three seperated categories: Sequential, Blocking, and Overlapping.
```

> The type of command is important to consider as an incorrect order can lead to unintended results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type of command is important to consider, as an incorrect order can lead to unintended results.
```

> Sequential commands function as the standard PI commands. They will not start until the previous command has finished. These commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequential commands function as standard PI commands. They will not start until the previous command has finished. These commands
```

tend to be fast and will allow for quick response times even if they are queued in the input buffer.

Blocking commands are very similar to sequential commands. The main difference between these commands is that
blocking commands often take longer to execute.

```{caution}
Due to the length of blocking commands, a query may time out when sent if performed immediately after a large series of consecutive blocking commands.
```

> Some commands can perform data analysis on another thread, these are referred to as overlapping commands. They allow any command to be started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some commands can perform data analysis on another thread, these are referred to as Overlapping commands. They allow any command to be started
```

while they are being executed. They cannot begin if the previous command was blocking or sequential, or if the operation complete status register is
not set.

```{tip}

> Overlapping commands run in parralel with any other command, so placing them first in a sequence is always preferable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overlapping commands run in parallel with any other command, so placing them first in a sequence is always preferable.
```

```

```{tip}
There are multiple ways of synchronizing overlapping commands. This includes using Operation Complete (OPC) or Wait (WAI) to
wait for the operation complete to clear in the SESR (Standard Event Status Register). This can also be done using an SRQ (Service Request),

> along with the waiting for trigger bit in the OCR (Operation Condition Register).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
along with waiting for the trigger bit in the OCR (Operation Condition Register).
```

```

```{caution}
The operation complete register will only wait for the first overlapping command to finish before clearing. This means
that if multiple overlapping commands are run, then subsequent overlapping commands being finished will be ignored.
```

```{danger}
Overlapping commands can cause unintended behavior when performed alongside critical hardware functionality.
If the AWG5200 is experiencing problems, this may be a cause.
```

### AWG70KA, AWG70KB

> The AWG70K series are signal sources focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG70K series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows 10.
```

They accept communication through USB, LAN and GPIB interfaces.

#### Constraints:

The AWG70K is a special case, where only the direct signal output path is allowed (unless option AC is installed). This means the amplitude is limited,
and offset is not allowed to be set by default. However, there is a secondary device which allows for DC amplification, the MDC4500-4B. The MDC4500-4B is an amplifier

> which provides an AWG70K the ability to utilize DC offset. It also provides a large range for amplitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which provides an AWG70K with the ability to utilize DC offset. It also provides a large range for amplitude.
```

Author: "the ability" is already an adverbial phrases modifying "to utilize" to effect the instrument of the sentence.

As long as all points are within the amplitude bounds, this can be achieved using WLIST:WAVEFORM:AOFFSET.
```

`set_output_signal_path` is uniquely defined within the AWG70KA and AWG70KB classes. By default, it will first attempt to set the output signal path to DCA.
If this fails (implying an MDC4500-4B is not connected), then a direct (DIR) signal path will be set.

`set_offset` is conditioned to make sure that the AWG output signal path is not DIR, as the VISA query will time
out otherwise.

```{table} AWG70K Constraints
---
widths: auto
width: 50%
align: center
---
|                   | OPT 150   | OPT 225   | OPT 216   | OPT 208   | MDC4500       |
| ----------------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | ------------- |
| Sample Rate (S/s) | 1.49k–50G | 1.49k–25G | 1.49k–16G | 1.49k–8G  | "             |
| Amplitude (V)     | 0.125–0.5 | 0.125–0.5 | 0.125–0.5 | 0.125–0.5 | 31m–1.6[^SZA] |
| Offset (V)        | N/A       | N/A       | N/A       | N/A       | -0.4–0.8      |

[^SZA]: Although the MOD4500-4B allows for greater than 1.0 amplitude, there is a drop off in accuracy.

```

#### Stipulations:

> The AWG70K also houses infrastructure to support [sequential, blocking and overlapping commands](#sequential-blocking-and-overlapping-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG70K also supports [Sequential, Blocking, and Overlapping commands](#sequential-blocking-and-overlapping-commands).
```

# Signal Generation

An overview of the signal generation functionality available in this package, along with information about Tektronix signal generators.

______________________________________________________________________

## Function Generation

A function is a limited set of common waveforms that are provided by default through the instrument.
The simplicity of these waveforms allows for output parameters like waveform length and sample rate to be
abstracted away. Frequency replaces these in order to provide signals which are easy to quantify and manipulate.

> Arbitrary Function Generators ({term}`AFG`s) utilize a phase increment process and a data lookup table to provide variable frequencies.

Reviewer: Everywhere a term is used but the wording is modified needs to be updated in this way:
```suggestion
Arbitrary Function Generators ({term}`AFGs <AFG>`) utilize a phase increment process and a data lookup table to provide variable frequencies.
```

The phase increment calculated is dependent on the waveform length and frequency requested. This has
a side effect where the phase increment can be larger than one index in the lookup table. Functions bypass this
issue by being simplistic enough that waveform length reduction doesn't have a detrimental effect on the end output.

Arbitrary Waveform Generators ({term}`AWG`s) enforce one cycle per sample, allowing the output to be the same shape regardless of clock rate.
The number of samples that occurs during a second is referred to as a sample per second (S/s), a unit which determines the frequency of the waveform.
With low frequency functions, AWGs are functionally identical to AFGs, besides offering more constrained amplitudes and offsets.

______________________________________________________________________

### Class Structure

```{mermaid}
classDiagram
    direction LR

    SignalGeneratorMixin <|-- Tekscope
    SignalGeneratorMixin <|-- AFG
    SignalGeneratorMixin <|-- AWG

```

> The `SignalGenerator` class is responsible for most waveform generators, including the `AWG` and `AFG`.

Reviewer: Here and throughout the document you could link to the API if you want to by using 
```suggestion
The {py:obj}`tm_devices.drivers.pi.signal_generators.signal_generator.SignalGenerator` class is responsible for most waveform generators, including the `AWG` and `AFG`.
```

Reviewer: Also, you don't reference the glossary here, but you do further in the paragraph. We should either always reference it, or only reference it once per term per page.

Author: I re reference the glossary under each new header section

> Similarly, `TekScope` is responsible for the {term}`AFG`'s internal to the scopes themselves, commonly referred to as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, `TekScope` is responsible for the {term}`AFGs <AFG>` internal to the scopes themselves, commonly referred to as
```

An AWG's signal path affects the range of the offset and amplitude.
Higher frequencies on AFGs will lower the upper bound of the amplitude,
alongside the which impedance is set.

`set_waveform_properties()` is functionally identical to `generate_function()`, but does not turn the
source channel off or on, nor will it stop or start an AWG.

## Signal Generators

An overview of the different signal generators which are available in `tm_devices`.
This includes:

- Features unique to each which should be kept in mind.
- Constraints for each waveform parameter.

______________________________________________________________________

### TekScope Internal Arbitrary Function Generators

```{autoclasstree} tm_devices.drivers.pi.scopes.tekscope
---
full:
namespace: tm_devices.drivers.pi.scopes.tekscope
align: center
alt: Tekscope IAFG Class Diagram
---
```

The TekScope series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on both Windows and Linux operating systems.
They accept communication through {term}`USB` and {term}`TCPIP` interfaces.

Requesting function generation on an {term}`IAFG` will initially turn it off. The frequency, offset,

> function, impedance and amplitude are set in the stated order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function, impedance, and amplitude are set in the stated order.
```

Function generation on {term}`AWG`s is fundamentally different from {term}`AFG`s. The AWG is stopped and the source channel being used
is turned off. Predefined waveforms provided with the AWG
are then loaded from the hard drive into the waveform list for the AWG5200 and AWG70K. Sample rate is not source dependant,
instead it is set through the `SignalGenerator` class. The source channel provided has its waveform, offset, amplitude and signal path set.
These attributes can take a while to be set, though once complete, the source channels are turned back on and `AWGCONTROL:RUN`
is sent to begin the transmission of the waveform.

```{note}
If the waveform is `RAMP`, a symmetry of 50 will set the waveform to a `TRIANGLE`.
```

The `AWG` class has some unique methods. `generate_waveform()` allows for a waveform name from the waveform list
to be provided, instead of a function. The method is also distinctly different from generate function as it relies on a sample
rate also being provided to actually generate the waveform.

AWGs have access to the following functions:
`SIN`, `SQUARE`, `RAMP`, `TRIANGLE`, `DC`, `CLOCK`

#### AWG5K/AWG7K

> The AWG5K/7K series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows XP (Windows 7 for model C).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG5K/7K series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows.
```

|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| <span style="font-size:0.7em;">Sample Rate | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">10.0MS/s–20.0GS/s[^SA] | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">10.0MS/s–24.0GS/s[^SA] | *                                        | *                                          |
| <span style="font-size:0.7em;">Amplitude   | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">0.5V–1.0V              | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">0.5V–1.0V              | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">0.5V–1.0V | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">50.0mV-1.0V |
| <span style="font-size:0.7em;">Offset      | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">N/A                    | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">N/A                    | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">N/A       | <span style="font-size:0.7em;">N/A         |

[^SA]: Samples rates higher than 10GS/S(12GS/s for B/C) can only be done through Interleave.

```

#### AWG5200

> The AWG5200 series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG5200 series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows.
```

```

Some commands can perform data analysis on another thread, these are referred to as Overlapping commands. They allow any command to be started
while they are being executed. They cannot begin if the previous command was blocking or sequential, or if the operation complete status register is
not set.

```{tip}
Overlapping commands run in parallel with any other command, so placing them first in a sequence is always preferable.
```

```{tip}
There are multiple ways of synchronizing overlapping commands. This includes using {term}`OPC` or {term}`WAI` to
wait for the operation complete to clear in the {term}`SESR`. This can also be done using an {term}`SRQ`,
along with waiting for the trigger bit in the {term}`OCR`.
```

```{caution}
The operation complete register will only wait for the first overlapping command to finish before clearing. This means
that if multiple overlapping commands are run, then subsequent overlapping commands being finished will be ignored.
```

```{danger}
Overlapping commands can cause unintended behavior when performed alongside critical hardware functionality.
If the AWG5200 is experiencing problems, this may be a cause.
```

#### AWG70KA, AWG70KB

> The AWG70K series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWG70K series instruments are signal generators focused on waveform generation which operate on Windows.
```

out otherwise.

##### Constraints:

The AWG70K is a special case, where only the direct signal output path is allowed (unless option AC is installed). This means the amplitude is limited,
and offset is not allowed to be set by default. However, there is a secondary device which allows for DC amplification, the MDC4500-4B. The MDC4500-4B is an amplifier
which provides an AWG70K the ability to utilize DC offset. It also provides a large range for amplitude.
which provides the ability to utilize DC offset on an AWG70K. It also provides a larger range of amplitude.

Just like the AWG5200, the frequency is dependent on the option installed (150, 225, 216, 208).
The first numbers in the option provides the number of source channels the AWG70K has, the next two numbers
indicate the sample rate in gigahertz.

```{tip}
Though the AWG70K has no offset by default, one can be simulated by changing the raw data in the waveform.
As long as all points are within the amplitude bounds, this can be achieved using WLIST:WAVEFORM:AOFFSET.
As long as all points are within the amplitude bounds, this can be achieved using `WLIST:WAVEFORM:AOFFSET`.
```

> `set_output_signal_path` is uniquely defined within the AWG70KA and AWG70KB classes. By default, it will first attempt to set the output signal path to DCA.

Author: unsure how this got deleted, must have fat fingered something
